A command line, or terminal, is a text based interface to the system. You are able to enter commands by typing them on the keyboard and feedback will be given to you similarly as text.
basically, you can make commands with just the keyboard, and move around directory without using the mouse.
LS list the contents of a directory. PWD stands for Print Working Directory This is telling us where are we currently. CD stands for Change Directories. This means that we move to another directory.
With LS there are different ways of seeing what is in the next directories. CD will take you home by itself, or move you into the directory that you choose.
In order to name a file with spaces you can use quotation marks ("") or backslash (\) like the following. To name a file Summer Vacation you would name it "Summer Vacation" or Summer\ Vacation.
man <command> is used to look up the manual page for a particular command. man -k <search term> does a keyword search for all manual pages containing the given search term. "/<term>" Within a manual page, perform a search for 'term'. "n" After performing a search within a manual page, select the next found item.
"mkdir" stands for Make Directory - This will create a directory. "rmdir" stands for Remove Directory - This will delete a directory. "touch" is for creating a blank file. "cp" stands for copy - This will copy a file or directory. "mv" stands for Move - This will moove a file or directory. This can also be used to rename. "rm" stands for remove - This will delete a file.
